DECEMBER 29, 2016 BY MPTADMIN

Tuesday Dec 27 Meeting Cancelled
My apologies if you showed up on December 27 to find no one around! The meeting was cancelled, but I had failed to cancel the Meetup event and post an announcement here. Sorry about that. Our meetings will resume on Tuesday January 3, 2017!

Filed Under: Announcements
DECEMBER 7, 2016 BY MPTADMIN

Tuesday Dec 13 Meeting Cancelled
Due to a Christmas event at Bethany Lutheran Church, our meeting on Tuesday December 13 will be cancelled. Don’t let this stop you from delivering and listening to speeches though! Check out these awesome 2016 contest speeches from the comfort of your own home!

Filed Under: Announcements
SEPTEMBER 26, 2016 BY MPTADMIN

October 13: Free Educational Workshop
Have you just completed or are about to complete your Competent Communication (CC) and/or Competent Leadership (CL) manuals and wondering, “Is that it?!” Not by far! The personalized aspect of the program, which you can tailor to YOUR specific goals and style just begins! Perhaps you are only a couple of speeches away from your Advanced Leadership Bronze status and don’t even know it?!

Attend this FREE workshop and get guidance to develop your own strategy, your personal Roadmap to DTM, and learn more about deadlines for completing this track before the new Pathways Education Program fully takes effect.

Roadmap to DTM
Reaching DTM Status, While Optimizing Leadership and Communication Opportunities

Thursday, October 13, 6-8pm
Landmark Building, 1 Market Street, San francisco
Check-in in the Lobby
Hosted by Heather ROmios and Salesforce TM
Facilitated by Katherine Pratt and Lucy Chen, DTMs
Registration link
Refreshments will be served.

Filed Under: Announcements
SEPTEMBER 6, 2016 BY MPTADMIN

Tuesday September 20: Area A4 Humorous Speech and Evaluation Contests
Instead of our regular meeting on Tuesday, September 20, we will be attending the Area speech contest to cheer on Robert and Wendy as they compete in the humorous speech and the evaluator contests. We can learn a lot from watching other contestants as well.

Please register online here, to help the organizers estimate the size of the audience. There is no charge to members or guests to attend the contest. For time, location and schedule, please see registration link above.

If you’d like to volunteer for a role, please contact Hilary Spreiter (hilarystoastmaster@gmail.com). Still needed: judges, a tiebreaker judge, a timer, a ballot counter, and an awards manager.

Filed Under: Announcements
AUGUST 22, 2016 BY MPTADMIN

Tuesday Oct 4 Meeting Cancelled
Due to Back to School Night hosted at Bethany Lutheran Church, our meeting on Tuesday October 4 will be cancelled. Don’t let this stop you from delivering and listening to speeches though! Check out these awesome speeches from the comfort of your own home!

Filed Under: Announcements
