AUGUST 3, 2016 BY MPTADMIN

Tuesday August 30: Club Speech Contest
On Tuesday, August 30, from 7:00 – 8:30 pm, we will hold our Humorous Speech and Evaluation Contest. This contest is open to everyone! All you need to do is be a paid member in good standing. See below for more details. Contact Vidya Kagan, VP-Education and Contest Chair, at vped@menloparktm.org if you would like to sign up as a speaker or a volunteer.

Speakers: We need speakers for both sections of the contest. Our goal is to get 3 speakers minimum for each section.

Humorous Speech Contest: Contestants present a humorous speech that must be thematic in nature (opening, body, and close), not a monologue (series of one-liners).
Evaluation Contest: Contestants observe a five-to seven-minute test speech and then present a two-to three-minute evaluation of the test speech.
Volunteers: We need volunteers for the following positions: Chief Judge, voting judges, counters, timers. All details are spelled out in the Speech Contest Rulebook (link below). Please note: if you are a volunteer for a specific contest, you cannot be a speaker in that same contest, and vice versa.

For complete details, please review the 2016-2017 Speech Contest Rulebook on the Toastmasters website.

Please contact Vidya to sign up! Thank you, and looking forward to a great contest!

Filed Under: Announcements
JULY 31, 2016 BY MPTADMIN

Saturday August 13: Toastmasters Leadership Institute
Have you heard of the Toastmasters Leadership Institute (TLI)? It’s a twice-a-year district event that combines communication/leadership educational sessions for personal/professional growth, fantastic networking opportunities and unique, state-of-the-art architecture AND Club Officer Training.
​
The keynote speaker, who’ll also be leading the first workshop, is Julius Pryor III.

We will have fantastic facilitators, like Presidential Citation recipient Rita Barber who’ll be offering a workshop on “Adding Storytelling to Presentations”.

Interested in competing, or judging, at the Evaluation and Humorous Speech Contests? Learn from the best how to perform Effective Evaluations by Anthony Hogan or Adding Humor to Speeches by Stewart Murrie! And much more!

The event is hosted by Genentech Toastmasters. Click here to view a YouTube video and here to read an article with a slideshow about the amazing science behind the beautiful, ultra modern, green building where the event will be hosted.

Register Today!

Filed Under: Announcements
JULY 31, 2016 BY MPTADMIN

Upcoming: Club and Area Speech Contests
Watch out for announcement of our club speech contest date, and Area A4 speech contest date and location. The club speech contest will be in late August, during one of our usual meeting times, and at our usual meeting location. The area speech contest will be in September.

Filed Under: Announcements
